OROS BOGDAN-IOAN PERSOANA FIZICA AUTORIZATA is committed to protecting privacy and creating a strong relationship with our users.

This privacy policy explains the use of personal information collected via (i) our websites, whether at https://www.2008games.com/ or other uniform resource locators (URLs) owned or operated by us, and (ii) our products and services, including without limitation those that we provide via our websites, other third party platforms, and desktop and mobile applications (collectively, all of the foregoing in clauses (i) and (ii) are hereto referred to as our "Services").

This policy does not apply to (a) the practices of companies that we do not own or control, (b) people that we do not employ or manage, (c) third party websites, whether linked to or from our Services, (d) information that you provide to us for purposes of seeking employment, provision of services to us, business proposals or similar matters, (e) information that you provide to us unsolicited, or (f) information that we collect offline.

As used in this Privacy Policy, "personal information" means information about you, the Data Subject, which can be used to identify you either directly or indirectly. This information includes your name, e-mail address, payment details, purchase history, and digital (IP) computer address, and necessary registration, profile, and product account data/history.

Important: If you do not agree with any terms or conditions described in this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Services.

INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT
We may collect different information from you when you use our Services. The following are examples to help you better understand the types of information that we collect.

1. Information That You Provide Directly
When you use our Services, we may collect information that you provide to us directly, including without limitation: Registration, Profile, and Account Information: Your username, password, and other related information for purposes of registration or creating a profile or account in any of our Services (and the history thereof). Publicly Shared Information: Information that you share publicly via our Services, such as postings in community forums, message boards and blogs, chat in public channels, and your public profile. (Please be aware that such information is public information. You should not expect privacy or confidentiality under these circumstances, and we shall not be liable in any way for disclosure of such information.) Information for Customer Support: Information that you provide when you contact us for assistance or to report a problem. Friends List: Your friends list (e.g. if you refer others to our Services or form a group within our Services). Sweepstakes/Promotions: Information that you provide in order to participate in sweepstakes and promotions provided through our Services.

HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We may use the information we collect for a variety of purposes, primarily for operating and improving our Services. Our uses include without limitation: Communications: Communications with you about your account and our Services, such as new features and offerings. Services: Providing our Services, such as fulfilling requests and resolving customer support issues. Analysis: Analyzing trends and user behavior to improve our Services and develop new Services. Protection: Protecting our Services from misuse and, as may be necessary or appropriate in our determination, to protect the safety and security of our users, employees and third parties, or the integrity of our Services. Among other forms of communications, we may send push notifications to your mobile device to provide game updates and other relevant messages. You can manage push notifications from the "options" or "settings" page within the mobile application. You also may be able to manage them from your device's settings page. Finally, we may take your personal information and make it non-personally identifiable. We do this either by combining it with information about other individuals (aggregating your information with information about other individuals), or by removing characteristics (e.g., your name) that make the information personally identifiable to you in any way. This process is known as de-personalizing your information. Given the non-personal nature of this information, no restrictions apply under this Privacy Policy on our right to use de-personalized information.

SHARING OF INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
We will not share your personal information with unrelated third party advertisers. We will only share your personal information with third parties under the following circumstances: Our Service Providers: To provide our Services, we may utilize or partner with other companies including, but not limited to, vendors and service providers that analyze customers' interaction with our Services, and handle consumer surveys, or companies that co-develop or co-publish games with us. While providing their services, these companies may access your personal information, but we will direct them to maintain the confidentiality of such information and use it solely for performing the applicable services. Required Disclosures: We will disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that disclosure is required or permitted by law (e.g., court order or subpoena) or such disclosure helps (i) enforce our terms of use, contests, sweepstakes, promotions, game rules, or similar restrictions, or (ii) protect the safety and security of our users, employees and third parties, or the integrity of our Services. Mergers and Corporate Transactions: In the event that OROS BOGDAN-IOAN PERSOANA FIZICA AUTORIZATA  undergoes a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, corporate divestiture or dissolution, a sale of assets, or similar transactions, we may share, disclose or transfer your information, including personal information, to the other organizations that are parties to such transactions. Sweepstakes and Promotions: We may share your information in connection with any sweepstakes or promotions you enter in connection with our Services, as necessary to market, sponsor, administer or fulfill them or as required by applicable laws, rules or regulations. Offers: Our Services may display "offers" that are hosted by third party providers. The offers may, for example, provide virtual currency to users in exchange for interacting with an advertisement or for completing a marketing offer. To properly credit user accounts and to prevent fraud, a unique identifier, in some cases your user ID, may be shared with the offer providers. Please be aware that, after clicking on one of these offers, you will no longer be on our Services, and information that you provide will go directly to the third party provider. With Your Permission: Additionally, if you opt-in or otherwise agree to have your information shared with a third party (or third parties), we will share your information accordingly, in which case the third party's use of your information is subject to the third party's own privacy policy. As discussed above, we may use de-personalized information in any way, including sharing it with third parties, without your consent. Among other things, we may share some of the information we collect from you upon installing a mobile application with vendors and other service providers who are working with us in connection with the operation of Our Services and/or for analytics purposes which may require the reproduction and display of de-personalized information. You may be able to "opt out" of the collection of your information for third party analytics purposes by following the directions provided by our third party analytics vendor. If you "opt out" with one third party analytics provider, that action is specific to that provider only and does not otherwise limit our information collection under the terms of this Privacy Policy.

SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We are committed to safeguarding your information, and we implement reasonable security measures to protect the security of your information. We also constantly update our technology with the goal of better protecting your information. While we take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure, and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will not occur. If we become aware that a breach involving your personal information has occurred, we will notify you within 72 hours and detail any information involved in said breach. We urge you to take steps to keep your personal information safe, to use strong passwords, to log out of your account after use, and to use different passwords for different services with different companies. It is important that you also help protect and maintain the security of your account. Please notify us immediately of any unauthorized use.

AGE REQUIREMENT
Our team respects the privacy of minors, and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in managing their children's online activities. If you are under 16, please make sure you have permission from your parent(s) and/or guardian(s) before using any of our Services. Some of our Services are not available for use for children under 12 years old, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children in connection with those Services. If you are a parent and believe your child has used one of our Services without your permission, please contact us at support@2008games.com so we can investigate and delete any unauthorized private information.

RIGHT TO ACCESS
You have the right to request any of the personal information we hold on you. You can do this by sending an email to support@2008games.com and asking for your information. We will provide this information to you within 1 month from the point we have been provided all the information required to process the request. Your information will be sent to you in English and in a computer readable format, unless another reasonable format is requested.

RIGHT TO BE FORGOTTEN
Where you gave us your consent to use your information for a limited purpose, you can contact us to withdraw that consent, though this will not affect any processing that has already taken place before that time. When you make these requests, we may need time to investigate and facilitate your request. If there is any delay or dispute as to whether we have the right to continue using your information, we will restrict any further use of all your related information until the request is honoured or the dispute is resolved. To delete your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you Services, contact us at support@2008games.com; we will respond to your request within 30 days. In some cases, we may not be able to delete your personal information and will retain and use our information as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and/or enforce our agreements. If you delete your account, you will permanently lose access to our Services, including:

• Any purchases made
• Any game progress

RIGHT TO OPT OUT
You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us by using the unsubscribe link within each email, updating your email preferences within your account settings menu, or by contacting customer support to have your contact information removed from our promotional email list or registration database. Even after you opt out from receiving promotional messages from us, you will continue to receive transactional messages from us regarding our Services.

MODIFICATION OF PRIVACY POLICY
We may periodically update and modify our privacy policy to reflect changes in the types of information we collect, the means we use to collect information, and/or our usage of collected information. We will attempt to notify you of any such update or modification. However, you are responsible for periodically reviewing our Privacy Policy. Your use of the Website and/or any products or services offered by the Website signifies your assent to the updated or modified Privacy Policy.

Cookies
Small text files, called cookies, are deposited on the user's end device when visiting OROS BOGDAN-IOAN PERSOANA FIZICA AUTORIZATA  websites to provide login services and more secure access to the games. They allow the user to be recognized when visiting the websites again and for the content shown to be optimized. Cookies are used for technical reasons, such as providing a user-friendly website and ensuring that a website functions completely so that access to our gaming services can be guaranteed. Cookies are also used for functional purposes, such as for providing preferred settings (e.g. username and password) and for effectively and efficiently using the website, although the use of cookies in this instance is not absolutely necessary, it does improve user-friendliness. Furthermore, cookies are used for analytical purposes to allow the user's behavior to be statistically assessed, which leads to the websites offered being optimized. The end user's consent to using cookies is obtained via the website or the browser, although the settings may be changed at any time. The cookies are not saved any longer than necessary. They can be deactivated via the browser's settings. Cookies that have already been saved can be deleted via the browser's setting, although the website's complete functionality cannot be guaranteed without cookies.